1)  In the context of the CIA triad, the word integrity refers to several different and independent security goals. List
    them and, for each, give examples of an attack on it, and measures you can take to mitigate it.

    1) Integrity of Sender and Sending
        - Spoofing: Sending a message from "Bob"
        - Spoofing attacks can be prevented by packet filtering: Packet filters inspect packets as they are transmitted
        across a network. Packet filters are useful in IP address spoofing attack prevention because they are capable of
        filtering out and blocking packets with conflicting source address information.
    2) Integrity of Time of sending
        - Repudiate: Deny receiving a message
        - Using a hash or MD5 to ensure the integrity of the message
    3) Integrity of Content
        - Fabrication Attack: An attack in which the message is fabricated
        - Use a hash or MD5 to ensure the integrity of the message
    4) Integrity of Receiving
        - Replay: Data is repeatedly repeated or delayed
        - Replay attacks can be prevented by tagging each encrypted component with a session ID and a component number



2)  Can a symmetric cipher be used for authentication? For example, can it be used as an IFF (Identification, Friend or
    Foe) system to distiguish friendly aircrafts from enemy ones

    No, because since there is only 1 shared key, nothing can prevent an attacker from generating a random message which
    the receiver will decrypt and accept.



3)  Digtal photographs are so easy to alter that one wonders how courts can accept them as evidence. How would you use
    the primitives to create a "tamper-proof seal" on digital evidence as it is collected.

    Two ways:
        1) Use symmetric or asymmetric encryption to ensure that the bits of the image do not get modified
        2) Use a cryptographic hash function such as an MD5 to ensure that the image is the same as it was when it was
        first collected.



4)  Estimate the time needed to crack an 8-character password exhaustively on a single-core machine given that its
    alphabet (i.e. the set to which its chars belong) is the union of the English upper/lower case letters, the digits,
    and 32 symbols.

    |{Characters}| ^ Digits = # of possible keys
    94^8 = 6,095,689,385,410,816 microseconds
    ~193.2930424090187671 years



5)  Alice has a plaintext made up of the letter 'A' repeated many times. She sends it to Bob encrypted using some key.
    Eve intercepts. For each of the three ciphers Shift, Affine, and Hill, determine if Eve can tell that the plaintext
    is a repeated letter, and if so, whether she can know that letter.

    Caesar - Yes she can tell there is a repeated letter and she can figure it out by trying the most common letters
    Affine - No
    Hill - No
